com/example/myapplication/PuntuacionDB.java
 com.example.myapplication.ParPuntuacion
 com.example.myapplication.PuntuacionDB
com/example/myapplication/OpcionesAct.java
 com.example.myapplication.OpcionesAct
 com.example.myapplication.OpcionesAct$1
 com.example.myapplication.OpcionesAct$2
 com.example.myapplication.OpcionesAct$3
 com.example.myapplication.OpcionesAct$4
com/example/myapplication/domain/score/points/KarmaBasedPointsStrategy.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.score.points.KarmaBasedPointsStrategy
com/example/myapplication/domain/score/points/SimplePointsStrategy.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.score.points.SimplePointsStrategy
com/example/myapplication/MainJuego.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainJuego
 com.example.myapplication.MainJuego$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainJuego$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainJuego$3
com/example/myapplication/domain/score/Score.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.score.Score
com/example/myapplication/GameEndedActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.GameEndedActivity
com/example/myapplication/domain/GameFactory.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.GameFactory
com/example/myapplication/domain/random/RandomUtils.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.random.RandomUtils
com/example/myapplication/domain/Status.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.Status
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/serializer/ScoreJsonDeserializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.serializer.ScoreJsonDeserializer
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/json/JsonSerializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.json.JsonSerializer
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/database/FileScoreboardRepository.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.database.FileScoreboardRepository
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/serializer/ScoreboardJsonDeserializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.serializer.ScoreboardJsonDeserializer
com/example/myapplication/domain/scoreboard/ScoreboardRepository.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.scoreboard.ScoreboardRepository
com/example/myapplication/ServicioMusica.java
 com.example.myapplication.ServicioMusica
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/serializer/ScoreJsonSerializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.serializer.ScoreJsonSerializer
com/example/myapplication/TutoActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.TutoActivity
 com.example.myapplication.TutoActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$4
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/serializer/ScoreboardJsonSerializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.serializer.ScoreboardJsonSerializer
com/example/myapplication/domain/Game.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.Game
com/example/myapplication/domain/score/points/PointsStrategy.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.score.points.PointsStrategy
com/example/myapplication/infrastructure/json/JsonDeserializer.java
 com.example.myapplication.infrastructure.json.JsonDeserializer
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/domain/scoreboard/Scoreboard.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.scoreboard.Scoreboard
com/example/myapplication/domain/countdown/Countdown.java
 com.example.myapplication.domain.countdown.Countdown
com/example/myapplication/application/ScoreboardServiceImpl.java
 com.example.myapplication.application.ScoreboardServiceImpl
com/example/myapplication/PantallaDerrota.java
 com.example.myapplication.PantallaDerrota
 com.example.myapplication.PantallaDerrota$1
com/example/myapplication/application/ScoreboardService.java
 com.example.myapplication.application.ScoreboardService
com/example/myapplication/MenuPausa.java
 com.example.myapplication.MenuPausa
 com.example.myapplication.MenuPausa$1
 com.example.myapplication.MenuPausa$2
 com.example.myapplication.MenuPausa$3
